well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so we got to talk about Magga hats
tonight I had one conversation and it
changed my entire view of them I'm I was
actually gonna buy one tonight to wear
daringness
but I couldn't find one I can buy I'm
not joking this isn't one of my
sarcastically tens I'm dead serious if
you don't know there's an app out now so
the mag a hat crowd can find harassment
free places that they can go and eat or
drink or shop or whatever
I found this funny and I made a post on
my personal social media saying that I
just marked the punk bar over and for
Walton as a mega friendly establishment
if there is a place around here where
you pretty much guaranteed to catch a
brick to the forehead for wearing one of
those hats it's there I had a guy
message me and tell me that he was
disappointed in me because I don't know
what it's like to wear one of those hats
I'm like okay do tell so he tells me
five little things completely changed my
view completely I mean instantly so he
says that and first thing you need to
know was that we are in maggot country
down here this is this is I mean this is
a trump supporting area but if he puts
his hat on and goes into town people
will stare at him sneer I don't say
anything they don't do anything but they
just look at him like he's trash and I
like yeah I know I'm one of them then he
told me this story about coming out of
the target and he was in the parking lot
pushing his buggy and somebody rolled by
and yelled bigoted he didn't know he was
gonna be able to make it to his car
before they made it to him if they
decided to stop and get out
that's a little scary he was in a bar
talking about Trump in a positive light
I guess he said Magga a couple of times
and the manager of the establishment
came over to him and told him to speak
in a way that was friendlier to the rest
of the guests he went into the little
Mexican store down in Panama City and
they served him but they made sure to
tell him not to wear it in there again
he said that so many things like that
had happened to him over the last year
or so he doesn't want to wear it anymore
there is a whole lot to unpack there so
let's get started those stairs those
singers those are the microaggressions
you've been saying don't exist they are
very real and now you've experienced
them being in a parking lot that whole
story I would imagine that's a whole lot
like the people that roll by Home Depot
and you know I'm calling immigration you
got papers it's just a joke they're not
hurting anybody didn't mean to scare
anyone I know two translators for the
army they were out there speaking Arabic
and they had somebody come up to now
and tell them to speak American
that little incident in the Mercado
you're just dressed oh right you're not
hurting anybody are you pull your pants
up boy and now so many things like that
have happened and you're worried about
your treatment at the hands of society
so you want to hide who you are well I
will allow the LGBTQ community to give
you tips on leading a closeted life oh
yeah I love the mag ahead now love it it
is a fantastic teaching tool you use it
to illustrate so many things about
society of course the difference is you
can take that stupid hat off anytime you
want to really was gonna buy one tonight
but I only buy American so that hat it's
not gonna help with the older crowd
they're not gonna change but the younger
people that are experiencing this after
a little bit of introspection they're
probably gonna be a whole lot more
sympathetic to a whole lot of people by
the way those harassment free zones
you're looking for those are safe spaces
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night